Husband, this is my family matter, not me.
Then let me remind you, your family,
You pay for it, and the result is unfair.
Fei Rencheng, if you knew that my husband is you,
Would you still say that?
Do you still remember that today is your sister’s birthday?
Dad, I'm sorry, I've been too busy recently and forgot.
How can you, a sister, treat him?
I don't care what you are doing, just give me an answer quickly.
I, today is my appointment’s birthday, it’s not good for me to just go there,
I'd better buy him a gift.
On my birthday, why do you break up when you say break up?
Let me tell you, unless you find other gifts outside,
Don't try to get rid of me, your boss
I miss you so much here, right?
I just have a new daughter, her
That's my new daughter me